hey guys it's up CLN hyd and i'm gonna
be giving you a review on NHL or 9tj on
entertainment just count all right you
got your main menu here give me a sec
gotta go sit down all right
main menu um couple options you got
options got plain out just regular you
go in pick your league so you call it
and teams alright just exit that oh you
got lots of game modes be a pro it's fun
dynasty take a team through a a season
tournament we're obviously just a
tournament create a play um you go in
create a breakout a rush an offensive
zone or a power play for a play practice
mode you can shoot bolts or you guys
okay can shoot skate do some tea
practice some goalie practice shoot at
mud just up with your buddies
accent thank you prick - whatever
all right so this be a pro what is it
it's okay can do your be uh pro all I'm
just going to click new for you to show
you guys she's gonna go through here
you're gonna make
so the be a pro go new whatever you make
a guy you make a guy and take them
through we start in the AHL um Syracuse
Crunch Hamilton Bulldogs teams like that
farm teams
and you get drafted and go along in a
career edit be a pro whatever
NHL pro so you can be an NHL on Xbox
Live
ESPN media hood not really much you can
add hi to highlight custom motto
whatever our audio my NHL okay creation
zone you can create people create player
team at a player at a team edit be a pro
um roster team rosters and stuff
we changed about settings just whatever
visual audio just like that profile
management nothing really save load
delete code entry for cheap sphere one
of those cheaters for those trackers
tracker performance what you've done
when a goal is got whatever stuff like
that tutorials if you're new to the game
you're new to the hockey games you want
to play them I suggest you play the
tutorials they help a lot cuz the new I
think it started in NHL oh seven I'm not
sure I didn't own that one well I didn't
even rent it seven or eight skill stick
I'll explain that later
okay
so the gameplay it's good all right
I'm really enjoying it so I'm just gonna
play a game get it started for it
X is randomized team okay time to go and
here you can go advanced team play
select your start lines
I like it mine
oopss all right sorry about that cuz
it's the same
you go here here like this all the rules
and stuff so like everything is too hard
for you you know skill level bring it up
yeah whatever
I like pro I haven't had the game for
that long I don't play it a lot
Advanced Settings Oh quick settings
you play our bench so if you're like
really bad at it you can go to rookie so
you go there period length and you can
go like this that means their players
will skate really slow go like that easy
goal so I'll just bring back to my
liking
okay so I've slept team jersey starting
lineups whatever advanced gameplay
loading screen they'll give you your
controls I'll talk about the trills
where you guys can keep bangers I'll
talk about the controls after I'm just
going to show you a little gameplay
I like the gameplay you guys movement
it's really good
I'm I really enjoy it I'm just gonna get
this started
okay so if you're like see how I'm
facing down on the red guys whatever go
settings visual home team perspective if
you like it up go always up personally I
like it up all right so there's gameplay
I'm number 14 Center this one pretty
push the Canadians your lever is
highlighted
I suck at it
okay
so this game playing it's good slap shot
you control your own aim I'm I really
enjoy that it's not your
sorry about that guys
cameras screwing up all right okay so
gameplay I really like it controls are
tough so I'm just gonna adjust the
camera so yep
alright guys so here's 360 controller
this is to move this is your shoot so
you snap it up snapshot wrist shot
pullback snap forward for show or a slap
shot okay if you're playing player or
that's if you have the puck okay if you
got a if you're a defenseman you don't
have to puck this is to check you move
it in towards the player where he is any
guy should just throw check Adam back
here got this trigger is what is it
sorry um change players and pass this
one block passes so left bumper and you
hold left and right bumper and you dive
and block shots and stuff it's good so
four guys on a breakaway and he's not
much far in front of you you go press
these and you guys will die then swing
you stick around
knock puck away it's not controls it
take a little bit to get used to but
after all there with it so total I give
this game um I'm gonna give it 3.5 out
of 5 thanks
tgd on entertainment subscribe